hello everyone marina and today i am
I will teach you how to make such beautiful ones
curls in just 10 years you
need lacquer comb and forceps start
we need to divide the hair into several
parts I shared hair for eight
parts take the first strand and spray
lacquer after i sprinkled varnish i
starting to cheat on 2 finger
to get such a bagel
then I take the heated tongs and press
my bagel so i hold my hair
seconds twenty past 20 seconds and i
dismiss
that 's what we get
then I spray it with varnish and
I also continue and remember the main thing that
when you wind your strand on
finger need to tail
necessarily twisted otherwise it will not
very beautiful and up to the size of their curls
you can pick me for example
twisted on two fingers
you can wind them on 3 or 1 and
that's when we clocked all 8 strands we
begin to distinguish them from each other here
such movements do not have to tear them
just need to break here here as if
scratch your head give a volume like that and
they just push themselves and here are from
beautiful curls I did just for
10-15 minutes and if you like it
video then put fingers up and
subscribe to my channel bye everyone